But duality is, in the teaching said, as long as you have the notion of the subject, object, and
activity, that is duality.
That means any form of grasping, any form of grasping, that is what the teaching said.
For example, this time when we are practicing in the beginning time, we have to sort it out, like
we have to choose.
We choose good grasping and bad grasping, and we should not have bad grasping, we should have good
grasping.
Good grasping, such as practicing, meditating, bodhicata is good, devotional, as we are talking,
all this is good.
But this good grasping will help to remove the unhealthy, unbeneficial graspings.
So now we become stronger and stronger, all those good graspings, then that also we are merging
those good graspings.
We are where that is coming from. All this good grasping is coming from.
It is coming from the emptiness of mind.
So where is the emptiness of mind? There is nothing that we can hold, nothing we can say anything
about.
And then, beyond any existing, even we are not just kind of grasping beyond the existing, every
grasping.
That is what the gracious teacher Buddha mentioned, going beyond everything, beyond existing, non-
existing, neither in either.
This is not just kind of old games that we are playing, but uprooting every corner of the grasping.
Any form, every grasping, oh there is no grasping, that is grasping, ultimate level.
And that, even in the teachings, even the devotions, the ultimate belief, we release it.
Devotions, we release. That also let go. But that will naturally go, because when we are increasing
the realization of the nature or the tutu, exactly,
as it is, its natural will then become softer and softer, not so strong and a hard regiment.
So that is really the teaching said, and so, I mean, that is what I am saying.
>> It's good to see that it helps a lot, thank you.
>> Yes.